AppSSO: inclusive language field update for AuthServer CRD (#1887)
pivotal/docs-tap: app-sso/upgrades/index.md

If you installed the `AppSSO` package on its own, and not as part of `TAP`, you can upgrade it individually by running:

```
tanzu package installed update PACKAGE_INSTALLATION_NAME -p sso.apps.tanzu.vmware.com -v 3.0.0 --values-file PATH_TO_YOUR_VALUES_YAML -n YOUR_INSTALL_NAMESPACE
```

>**Note** You can also upgrade AppSSO as part of upgrading Tanzu Application Platform as a whole. See [Upgrading Tanzu Application Platform](../../upgrading.hbs.md) for more information.

## <a id="migration-guides"></a>Migration guides

### `v2.0.0` to `v3.0.0`

VMware strongly recommends that you recreate your `AuthServers` after upgrading your AppSSO package installation to `3.0.0`
with the following changes:

> - Migrate field `.spec.tls.disabled` to `.spec.tls.deactivated`. The older `.disabled` field will be removed in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Migrate field `.spec.tls.disabled` to `.spec.tls.deactivated`. The older `.disabled` field will be removed in the next release.
```
